Fix keccak bug (#11134)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.3 (unreleased)

Important Bugfixes:

>  * Optimizer: Fix bug on incorrect caching of keccak256 hashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Optimizer: Fix bug on incorrect caching of Keccak-256 hashes.
```

 * SMTChecker: Fix internal error on calling public getter on a state variable of type array (possibly nested) of structs.
 * SMTChecker: Fix internal error on pushing to ``string`` casted to ``bytes``.
 * SMTChecker: Fix bug in virtual functions called by constructors.

>  * Optimizer: Fix bug on incorrect caching of keccak256 hashes.

Reviewer 2: Should go into the "important bugfixes" section.
